docs: add OpenTracing guide (#140)
elastic/apm-agent-js-base: docs/opentracing.asciidoc

[[opentracing]]
== OpenTracing

Elastic APM RUM agent provides an implementation for the https://opentracing.io/[OpenTracing API].

> The `ElasticApmTracer` translates calls to OpenTracing APIs to Elastic APM and thus allows for reusing existing instrumentation.

Reviewer: This sentence was a little confusing for me. How do you feel about this
```suggestion
The `ElasticApmTracer` translates OpenTracing API calls to Elastic APM, which allows the reuse of existing instrumentation.
```

The first span of a service will be converted to an Elastic APM `Transaction`,

> subsequent spans are mapped to Elastic APM `Span`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and subsequent spans are mapped to Elastic APM `Span`.
```

    // ...
})
const elasticTracer = createTracer(elasticApm)
----

At this point you can either use `elasticTracer` directly, or register it as a global tracer:

[source,js]
----
const opentracing = require('opentracing-javascript')
opentracing.initGlobalTracer(elasticTracer);

// ... 

const tracer = opentracing.globalTracer();
----

Please refer to https://github.com/opentracing/opentracing-javascript/[opentracing-javascript] documentation for more detail 
on OpenTracing API.

NOTE: If you are loading the RUM agent using a script tag, please make sure to use our OpenTracing bundle 
(`elastic-apm-js-base/dist/bundles/elastic-apm-opentracing.umd.js`) in your scripts instead, then you can create a tracer
using `window.elasticApm.createTracer()`.

[float]
[[opentracing-apm-tags]]
=== Elastic APM specific tags

Elastic APM defines some tags which are not included in the OpenTracing specification,
but are relevant in the context of Elastic APM.

- `type` - sets the type of the transaction or span, e.g. "page-load", or "ext.http".
           If `type` is not specified, `custom` would be set instead.

The following tags are relevant only to the root spans, which are

> translated to Elastic APM transactions:

Reviewer: Let's move the "where they appear" sentence up here so we don't have to repeat it
```suggestion
translated to Elastic APM transactions.
These tags appear in the "User" tab on the transaction details page in the Elastic APM UI.
```

> - `user.id` - sets the user id, which appears in the "User" tab in the transaction details in the Elastic APM UI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `user.id` - sets the user id
```

> - `user.email` - sets the user email, appears in the "User" tab in the transaction details in the Elastic APM UI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `user.email` - sets the user email
```

> - `user.username` - sets the user name, appears in the "User" tab in the transaction details in the Elastic APM UI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `user.username` - sets the user name
```

[float]
[[opentracing-caveats]]
=== Caveats

> Some of the OpenTracing features are not fully supported by Elastic APM RUM agent.

Reviewer 2: do you want to list them here for reference?

[float]
[[opentracing-propagation]]
==== Context propagation

> Currently only `FORMAT_HTTP_HEADERS` and `FORMAT_TEXT_MAP` carrier formats are supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, the only carrier formats supported are `FORMAT_HTTP_HEADERS` and `FORMAT_TEXT_MAP`.
```

`FORMAT_BINARY` is not supported.

[float]
[[opentracing-references]]
==== Span References
Currently, the Elastic APM Tracer supports `REFERENCE_CHILD_OF` references.

> However , only the first `REFERENCE_CHILD_OF` reference is recorded and the rest are ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, only the first `REFERENCE_CHILD_OF` reference is recorded and the rest are ignored.
```
